Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Galaxy A50: Sorry about the noise my coffee is almost ready. That's okay.
Shawn Phalen: How are you sorry about the other day.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, what the hell I'm just kidding. I know.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know, there's just been. That was my fault because I had a client of for you that I had scheduled for an hour.
Galaxy A50: That didn't go for an hour and I thought that they would let you in the waiting room, but they didn't. That was on me.
Galaxy A50: Well, they let me in. But then they said that bill email, they'll text me so I don't sit in the waiting room. And then they said that the seven o'clock checked in and before. So, yeah.
Galaxy A50: Well, right. So I do have. I know I'm supposed to sign something I just needed to make sure that because I never saw I asked the lady.
Galaxy A50: To double check with you and she did and like the answer that she gave me she called that lady by her exact title. I was like, oh, I want to make sure like because she said you guys haven't heard from her yet.
Galaxy A50: But then they thought, how would she know. So I just thought I'd double check with you.
Galaxy A50: So I'm more than willing to sign everything. But did you receive an email from Miss Emily Bray. I did, yes. So she's my attorney. She's very sweet. So the way I see the current situation, are you in California. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: No, no, no.
Galaxy A50: Oh sure, because when I see this situation, no offense, but coronavirus helped me tremendously.
Galaxy A50: So I would
Galaxy A50: The way I see it is if I were in any other program right now, I'd be fucked. Right. Oh, I don't know if you know we have a stay home order.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, no, yeah, no way meetings, nothing.
Galaxy A50: So,
Galaxy A50: All I have is, you guys. So if I really had a serious drug problem. No offense. I don't think I do, but also if I was in any kind of program, I'd probably relapse by now right between all the scares and no access to resources.
Galaxy A50: So I just feel like whoever because they keep saying that this is like a phone in kind of a program right but if anything, the situation has proved us right
Galaxy A50: And also, now we're pretty sure that there's not going to be any school until August now right but in Idaho. There's only 11 cases total
Galaxy A50: So there's a chance that they restart school so if anything advice me more time because the judges not going to give me hate them to not go to school, right.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and also the situation, too, is that you guys, they're not court is not open like like Emily said that like nobody has contacted me the other woman. I can't think of her name from the court. What's her name.
Galaxy A50: Liliana Rodriguez, that how do you know her. It's always good because Emily said that in the type. Oh, that makes sense. God, I forgot. Emily is educated. Sorry about that. Yeah, so, um, she
Shawn Phalen: She has not contacted me and probably not going to contact me because the courts are closed there and they're not going to open up for the next two to three weeks.
Galaxy A50: Yes, she said the lady liana. She said she'd be contacting us she put it closer to the end of the month. So regardless of I figured like last Wednesday was when I really wanted to talk to you because I was also in a really bad mood.
Galaxy A50: But I feel like when she is if we just give her everything like all the positive and none of like none of the like up lagging
Galaxy A50: I feel like there's nothing that she could say no to. There's nothing. I'm doing except that would really be like less than crucial as because they made it sound like I needed this intensive intervention program or whatever because I'm the only one still in the program really
Galaxy A50: So I mean as far as like if I was in a physical programmed like the closest to me here is called like Casa
Galaxy A50: Up custom home error or something like that. It's a very popular like rehab, but like an outpatient rehab.
Galaxy A50: And that was because they're so popular, you know, courts always know of them. I figured that was going to be my first choice, but their schedule was ridiculous. It's like a
Galaxy A50: Choose between having a job and having an addiction, because you can only have one
Galaxy A50: So, and with that. Also, they had a wait until January, and this was early November, that I was so by then, you know, by January, God knows what can happen. So I jumped on your on this opportunity.
Galaxy A50: To if anything show compliance. Right. And so for them to come back and say, well, this is a phone in as they keep calling it
Galaxy A50: Yeah, so it's
Shawn Phalen: So when you're probably saying to us that wanted you to do an hour intensive outpatient program.
Galaxy A50: And what you just mentioned, was an intensive outpatient program, but they didn't have any openings until January and yes this is right. So this is outpatient and it's not considered intensive. So sometimes
Shawn Phalen: The courts will say,
We need it to be.
Intensive
Galaxy A50: You know, it just depends. Now this CPS involved with you. Now it now. It was originally
Galaxy A50: Because my child was with me and the police took him from me right but
Galaxy A50: The thing is,
Galaxy A50: Yes, I get that. It's supposed to be intensive, but right before it was time for me to enroll in anything.
Galaxy A50: They assigned me such a ridiculous amount of child support that I could, I couldn't even pay it with with what I was making at the time, let alone.
Galaxy A50: That program was three times a week four hours a day. So what am I supposed to do, how did they, how did they plan or like, would it. Is it just like is it more robotic like oh I made my order you go deal with the next guy in the chain of command.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So have you, do you have a caseworker with CPS or is it just
Galaxy A50: You know it's closed. Oh, it is.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, and there was a piece of information. So it did find to be like they found it to be justifiable, and I get it, I get it, I acted like a fool, I totally get it.
Galaxy A50: But one of the things that was said, which apparently was a very big deal. Sorry, my coffeemaker I think it thinks it's like a rocket ship or something.
Galaxy A50: Um, one of the things that was said by the police. And that was a blatant lie was that they took refers to a sobering center because they thought I was drunk.
Galaxy A50: But the thing is, and but I ended up in jail, not the sobering set, and I very well. I remember like as soon as it started happening.
Galaxy A50: I did kind of float outside of myself. I do have that ability. I when when, if not that this happened many times in my life. But if something triggers my crazy brain.
Galaxy A50: And it takes me to like a complete split personality place. Usually I feel like I'm like floating the normal me is floating somewhere nearby and I can hear the absurdity of that situation.
Galaxy A50: But I cannot stop. So I remember thinking, oh, this, this is not going to end well.
Galaxy A50: And then next thing I know they were taking my kid and I was so, like, at this point, I was like sheepish. You know, I was like, okay, totally understand.
Galaxy A50: Your his meds, like I was like trying to give him the police as much information as I could.
Galaxy A50: Because at this point. It was not reversible. I could tell that they made up their minds. Right. I truly thought they were going to either take me to a hospital or some sort of like police med unit or whatever.
Galaxy A50: Apparently they took me to a sobering center at the sobering Center. I was rejected. I was denied entry. I had no idea about this because I never was let out of the car.
Galaxy A50: The thing is the Jackass police guy at this point, like he's completely wrong when he told them what was happening and the symptoms. I was presenting with. They said, We cannot let her in. You have to take her to the hospital. Right.
Galaxy A50: He got in the car and drove me straight to jail right yeah and then put down that I was rejected didn't say why. It just said the condition, she presented
Galaxy A50: The sobering center rejected her show out only after I found out I went to the sobering.
Galaxy A50: And I found people who were there that night and they looked up logs and they said, yeah, we did have this particular guy pool up with, you know, a detainee
Galaxy A50: And we told them that she potentially was hemorrhaging and he had to take her to the hospital. What happened after we have no idea, but they needed sounds like my condition was just show fucked up. Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: There's nothing you can do about that. What you have to focus on. Now, you know, is really moving
Galaxy A50: It's no yeah, uh huh.
Shawn Phalen: And so what Emily, what what they're wanting is, you know, and you have been in compliance. I mean, you have not missed one session with me, you, you know, you
Shawn Phalen: You know you shown up but really what you're going to want to know, too, is if your chat if you're testing clean because if
Galaxy A50: You didn't get my test yet.
Shawn Phalen: I haven't seen any of it now. So
Galaxy A50: Yeah, remember when you asked me if. How was I. Sure. And I said, I bought one online and I already tested clean. So then the following week I tested clean
Galaxy A50: And show I am on the today, but only as of Wednesday morning, so I don't really think that I necessarily I'm feeling it yet, but also nothing particularly devastating to stop a little so we'll here's to hoping
Shawn Phalen: Do you how many tests. Have you done
Galaxy A50: To read for now.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. And how many have been clean
One.
Galaxy A50: But it takes
Galaxy A50: But it takes like a month to get well they're going to give me one more. They're going to mail it to me. They said that it's kind of expensive for break hard to send it out a lot.
Galaxy A50: They were supposed to send me to up but this one, the one that I just tested clean, I would have tested clean two weeks prior to that, I'm pretty sure that the test got lost in the mail. It still shows that it's in delivery status.
Galaxy A50: He asked for another one already. If you wouldn't mind you could maybe ask Miss Jennifer Dr. Jamison to send me one because she said that she couldn't. Or maybe I could just ask up front.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: I was gonna wait like one more week and then p freely, so to speak, and know that you know two in a row is good, but I mean, considering how much pot. I was smoking.
Galaxy A50: To test clean as a big deal.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, it basically took you four months to test clean
Galaxy A50: No no no no no show I tested once in November I tested once in December I tested once in January, but I only quit smoking pot in January.
Galaxy A50: Nobody. I had a prescription and the only reason why I quit was because I had a feeling that in February, they were going to make such a big deal about the fact that I'm still smoking, even though my son did it was okay. I'm not trying to make
Galaxy A50: Like excuses, but my son specifically because the guide the police guy.
Galaxy A50: He did say like, what's wrong with your mom like it's just because he wanted to gather some information like if we have a crazy household or whatever.
Galaxy A50: And my kid was so calm about it. And he said, No, no, it's only because my mom hasn't had her marijuana
Galaxy A50: He specifically said that. So how can they tell me that I have a look. You know, it's just, it's literally because I didn't have it on me and I didn't have it in me for five days at that point.
Galaxy A50: That once the police approached me the way that they did I really had nothing to hold me back. So I know
Galaxy A50: I know cdr.
Galaxy A50: I totally get. Yeah. So I've always had a prescription. The judge said, I don't care about those prescriptions.
Shawn Phalen: He does not care.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, so that's why I stopped in January, because he low I want my kid more than me. So hold on.
Shawn Phalen: This judge does not care if you have a medical marijuana card, he made that very clear to you. So there might have you talked to your attorney about the fact that you just recently stopped smoking.
Galaxy A50: Well, everybody knows that I stopped mid January.
Galaxy A50: So you told your attorney that she knows that. Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So I guess I'm still let me see if I can find this
Galaxy A50: The opposing side knows that it was been January to
Galaxy A50: Unfortunately, so unfortunately Jennifer. So there was another issue I accidentally lost my insurance for the month of January for three weeks, so I wasn't seeing anybody
Galaxy A50: So the information that
Galaxy A50: It was Obamacare is a little glitch. But the information that Dr. Jamison had and she wrote that letter was based on my last visit with her.
Galaxy A50: Which was, I don't exactly remember when but it like she was so she wrote Dina's cut down tremendously. But by the time that letter got to court. You know, I was already done.
Shawn Phalen: So really what they want to know is, like, what's being addressed.
Shawn Phalen: The Court wants information to ensure Dina's dealing appropriately with her treatment and is progressing appropriately. I mean, it's pretty
Galaxy A50: As what appropriately.
Galaxy A50: Is addressing addressing. Oh my God, I thought you said dressing appropriately. Uh huh. Dress a dress.
Shawn Phalen: So, I mean, these are she didn't give me anything that I already didn't know that.
Galaxy A50: Okay, so they want to see that I'm serious about it.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. And so, you know, what's the psychological component. You know, it's like you're gonna have to also, you know, it's like, what are you doing to keep yourself grounded and like what are your coping skills like
Galaxy A50: So I, I do meditation I did find I did find a group on for hypnotherapy which I think you and I were talking, if you I talked to so many people. I'm pretty sure I spoke with you about it.
Galaxy A50: And I had an appointment. But now, everything's cancelled for a minute, and then another thing is actually the reason why I was able to smoke to stop smoking pot a little easier than it would have is because I switched to hook up
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, you told me that unfortunately the hookah police closed, but I've been. I've been. I've been munching on lettuce somehow it's been calming me down. I don't know if it's the crunch sound or the feel of it in my mouth. But yeah, that's been pretty good.
Um,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so like I said like this emails, just kind of
Galaxy A50: Summary. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's just vague and it's just kind of not like, you know, so, you know, I'm just not sure that she really knows what this lady's gonna ask me, but you know you. So when is your court date supposed to be again.
Galaxy A50: Supposed to be April 14 however what I'm I have no idea if they're gonna start the calendar as is and then catch up on the ones that they missed or if they're gonna start completely from. However, this is
Galaxy A50: I feel like it's going to be okay. It's just we have to put down that I don't present any like real psychological so the lady this Liliana lady, I think it's more concerned with my being crazy then with my being substance abuser, for sure.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and what they want to make sure is that substance abuses and creating you know psychosis or isn't creating some kind of
Galaxy A50: I was way worse without it.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: How much smoking. How much were you smoking a day. So I would smoke officially three to four times of like flower, you know,
Galaxy A50: And and then throughout the day I would have my bait.
Galaxy A50: Just in my pocket because my boss would let me have it on me.
Galaxy A50: And that was really more like a security blanket kind of thing. But there's been times when I need it.
Galaxy A50: But when I say like I smoked like I'll show you one of my old pipes should be here somewhere.
Galaxy A50: It's not like a bong or anything. I have no idea where it is, but it's teeny tiny like just for a small nugget. So if you think about it, I would wake up in the morning and like before I started to drive is when I would smoke.
Galaxy A50: It cuz it, especially in the morning. I am I'm hyper vigilant because of my anxiety, which shows that hyper vigilance in the morning when cars are coming at you from all directions.
Galaxy A50: Was not the right like that was not helping me at all. So, if anything, I was more danger because I was so constantly thinking like, Oh my God, he's gonna hit me or whatever. So that really helped and then
Galaxy A50: Always in the evening before I would literally pass out to just kind of unwind and then usually throughout the day, like, once the morning. Those were off, I would take another one. But, oh, I know where it is.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: I knew it was here.
Galaxy A50: Do you see this
Galaxy A50: Yeah it like, see how little, that's all.
Galaxy A50: Right. Well, that doesn't really matter. So you know I mean like it wasn't like I sat here and took like bong grips you know
Shawn Phalen: So how do you manage your anxiety now.
Galaxy A50: So,
Galaxy A50: Tuesday evening was really bad, which is why my meds finally showed up on Wednesday, because Dr. Jamison, I think thought I was not
Galaxy A50: Like I couldn't wait for Mary to get off the bill.
Galaxy A50: Poor thing and then she was like, I just want to make sure you're seeing Sean and I was like, yes, yes I am tomorrow. So I really use you. And the thing is, I do have some bad moments for sure.
Galaxy A50: Right now. Lately I've only had two and they were more like sad anxiety, not enough to say, depression, but kind of like like fuck it all kind of feeling and
Galaxy A50: A bit really nothing's going on. I don't have a very good point of reference right now because I'm just nothing's happening. I'm just stuck at home.
Galaxy A50: So what happened on Tuesday night what happened for you, what's going on on Tuesday morning I woke up.
Galaxy A50: So I'm obviously going through a little bit of grief with my losing my job and I go through, you know, this was meant to be to oh my god I can't believe like so I woke up insulted that day, and that in Slack. I just like
Galaxy A50: I kept thinking all day. How dare my boss, not only think that like I owed him, but that I'm not worth more than 16 frickin dollars an hour how, like, just by him, suggesting it that I work even harder for the same exact measly amount of money and it just made my blood boil
Galaxy A50: Yesterday I thought of the same thing I noticed that, by the way, except yesterday I was more like mocking him like what a stupid idiot to think that all I'm worth is $16 an hour.
Galaxy A50: But it's like the same thought but from a different i don't i don't know why, but yesterday I was completely fine.
Shawn Phalen: So how did you calm yourself down yesterday versus not being able to calm yourself down on Tuesday. Well,
Galaxy A50: That's the thing. Yesterday I wasn't upset. I was more like laughing at him for being so stupid, but it was the same exact thought that I cannot believe this dumb ass thought that all I was ever going to work for $16 an hour, whereas on Tuesday. It was like, How dare he
Shawn Phalen: So dapper you get yourself in trouble is that you're not able in certain situations, you're not able to calm yourself down. So we have to figure out ways that you're able to calm yourself down because that's what happened.
Galaxy A50: Yes, you know, that's what happened when. Yeah. The police came and
Galaxy A50: Yes yes ensued. And so really
Galaxy A50: What the Court wants to know also is like how how you're managing your, your emotion. Okay. Well, in my defense, though. How many of us have all of a sudden started frickin really eating like a faucet in the middle of a flight up so hang on. Okay, let's stop for one second, because
Galaxy A50: The situation was just so outrageous. They don't care that's that was listen to what I'm saying, Okay, I know it was
Shawn Phalen: But here's what you have to consider and you have to understand this. They don't care. They don't
Galaxy A50: I get it, I get it. And so you have to be able to go in there.
Shawn Phalen: And I have to be able to talk to this Liliana and say to her, here's what because the issue isn't that you're not meeting with me because you are, you know, and you are committed to this issue is like. We got it, we got to figure out, okay, what is she doing now to manage her emotion.
Galaxy A50: And make sure that she doesn't get in another situation like that. So yes, I'm definitely more aware
Galaxy A50: Okay. See, I learned. I learned from my mistake.
Shawn Phalen: So you're aware of your emotions. Are you aware of your thoughts.
Galaxy A50: I'm aware of the fact that I have this unique condition. And now that I'm more aware of how far it could buck me
Galaxy A50: I
Galaxy A50: In all honesty I tried to avoid these situations. Now, now I'm more cautious about not even getting into. But if I am I am trying to that that little person who floats outside of myself. I, I try to be more inclusive of whatever that little bell of sanity is
Galaxy A50: But I mean this guy, I get to sing, but he came into my house in 2013 and punched out my door with his Bare knuckles.
Galaxy A50: And
Galaxy A50: Who does that he got into my garage and in the world. My door through the kitchen is from the garage to the kitchen to giant freakin knuckle marks because
Galaxy A50: The military was moving him out of the area and now he had to pay me 1000 a month in child support. And somehow, it was my doors full
Galaxy A50: And I was the one who was like, you know, not only if I bring this up because that is pretty outrageous during broad daylight to we were just out shopping that day.
Galaxy A50: And I was just thinking this is going to her Paden
Galaxy A50: First of all, and secondly, it will hurt my ex husband's military career, which would fuck with my child support. That's just how I so altogether was like Dina just let this go
Galaxy A50: But I'm pretty like I've never heard any even know I was so freaked out as I was, I never through anything I've never threatened anybody I am as under not
Shawn Phalen: Looking at that deal
Galaxy A50: Yeah, okay.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I know, I know, but
Galaxy A50: I just please point out that I'm not even a bit violent
Galaxy A50: At all.
Shawn Phalen: Where they trying to are they trying to insinuate that you were violent
Galaxy A50: Know they were basically saying that I was unpredictable. Okay, so like this.
Shawn Phalen: Like based on based on your behavior.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. What was very concerning to the police officer because they thought that you were probably having some kind of a psychotic break hallucinating. They didn't know what was going on.
Galaxy A50: They thought I was drunk. That's all they they never once suggested that I was crazy.
Shawn Phalen: Did they breathalyzers you
Galaxy A50: Know they went by the fact that I said that I had a glass of wine on on the plane.
Galaxy A50: And on the fact that I when. Okay, so there's another issue with me. I was in a car accident in 2014 we were hit. I was a passenger in a parked car.
Galaxy A50: And it was a one way street. And I got hit like so one way street. So my side got hit in my face flew into the steering wheel.
Galaxy A50: And I have cuts like my ears even sewn. I don't know if you can tell that the ears all jacked up
Galaxy A50: So I have stitches here and here. So when I really stress out. They actually had to do another one to release it.
Galaxy A50: It's like the way the way your back spasms. So I started going like, like I was trying to talk, but I was also trying to stretch my mouth. So, and he was like you're slurring your speech, and I was like, No, look, I have stitches everywhere. So that also made him think that I was wasted.
Galaxy A50: And then one more. And this is not going to add to the, like, I'm just gonna, I think the main contributor to what happened was not even that I started bleeding profusely.
Galaxy A50: But we were at MGM Grand Old a hated the night and they had a lazy river and we swim and swim, and then we accidentally fell asleep under the sun. And I think my brain just got hooked
Galaxy A50: And this was 1130 at night. Right.
Galaxy A50: So all together, it just and I my behavior did not help matters. I completely understand right
Shawn Phalen: So remind me again when you have court. The next time you have court is this is this for to determine if Hayden is when he's coming back. If he's coming back. There's going to be a continuation. What is it, what do you know
Galaxy A50: So this time either Hayden is going to be given back to me or the judge is going to say no this is not good enough. If I were really digging around and dilly dallying
Galaxy A50: He would have said like he had the ability to say, Will by April 14 if you don't get your shit together. You don't get Hayden back. But that's not it. Like, cuz he just is trying to figure out who you guys are. And if I'm, if I'm in a reputable place, so to speak.
Shawn Phalen: Like okay, like a reputable place in terms of being able to care for Hayden.
Galaxy A50: Know that you that you guys are reputable place and not just because they keep calling you guys the opposing side keep keeps calling you guys a phone in program.
Galaxy A50: Like like as if I talk like this. Like, nobody. So, the judge said, I want to know how often she meets with people. I want to know how often she tests.
Galaxy A50: I want to know if this is a beast or a business more smart recovery based
Galaxy A50: And I think what Liliana really liked was because she kept saying, Don't you have a social worker there. Don't you have a case manager. And I was like,
Galaxy A50: Yes, it's Dr. Jamison, and she's like, No, I understand that you have a doctor who's your. I was like, no, that is how good this program is the doctor is involved in every and then she's like Oh, okay. So that made her feel better to
Galaxy A50: You to the groups, too.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, with Dr. Jamison once a week. Yeah, yeah, that's when I was in a bad mood on Tuesday.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, and then have you missed any of the groups or have you been really consistent
Galaxy A50: I've been very consistent. The only time I missed was in January when my insurance left for a second. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, well that's good because you know you have really good attendance. So, and, you know, the other the opposing side, they're going to do the research on bright heart, you know,
Galaxy A50: It's like they're, they're gonna know or not.
This is Tele health, you know, this is this is cutting edge what they're doing, you know, there
Galaxy A50: Yeah. And then I want to show you something else, just so you see
Galaxy A50: Show up. You see this. This is one of the blank cards.
Galaxy A50: So when I go to a
Galaxy A50: So, and I have about 99 signatures, but it's just right now where that's over with. And here's my sheet of all a like I really do do all this and then I do have
Galaxy A50: A sponsor except she got because will she recovered because she got she drank herself silly. So at the moment, she's
Galaxy A50: Having some issues. She's been in and out of the hospital. So if anything I've been helping her out, but we're very close and she's also, I do have as much support as I can for now that I can handle.
Shawn Phalen: How long have you been working with your sponsor.
Galaxy A50: So, actually. Well, we started exercising together in June and as of July. She kind of started taking me to a with her and stuff.
Galaxy A50: So she's been in trouble before like back seven years ago when she bring so when I showed her my my assessment.
Galaxy A50: She's like, oh, they're gonna make you want to go, they're going to make you go to a. Why don't we just start. Now you and I. So, and I actually, to me it was like free therapy. So I went okay um
Shawn Phalen: Are you working the steps with her. Have you started working the steps.
Galaxy A50: Yes and no. I hate those
Galaxy A50: I would be better. I think in smart recovery.
Galaxy A50: But I did not really much around here. And also, she's not doing it. So I kind of just
Galaxy A50: To be honest, all steps kind of sounded like to me.
Shawn Phalen: Or their meetings going on right now or
Though
Galaxy A50: I'm sure there's virtual ones somewhere, but we only stopped everything, a week ago. So up until then. Everything was on schedule.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: Are you in touch with your sponsor yeah I speak with her at least once a day for at least 30 to 45 minutes and that's if we don't
Galaxy A50: Meet like because usually because we belong to the same gym but now the gym is closed and then once her liver started acting up again.
Galaxy A50: I actually I'm kind of a friend to her. So I've been she stopped exercising. So I've been like more helping her and spending time with her and then every time we go to meetings. If we go to the same one like she runs the women's one. So if I'm near the women's one I just go to her meeting.
Galaxy A50: I have a letter from her. Do you want to see, you know, that's going to open letter. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so he. This is just so I know you can't
Shawn Phalen: You're in lockdown.
Galaxy A50: I mean, given this yeah I could be going stir crazy, but I'm not like I think I'm pretty good.
Galaxy A50: With the help. Oh, is that good timer.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So here, so
Shawn Phalen: Let's okay so let's do this. So here's the deal is, I'm just gonna have to wait for her to that liana girl to call me okay and
Shawn Phalen: They might have. They might
Galaxy A50: Write a they might have a what
Shawn Phalen: They might have me write a letter, they might have me just, I'm sure I'm gonna have to provide all the dates that we've met.
Which is no big deal.
Shawn Phalen: And then discuss, you know what, what we need to start discussing now is like coping skills and how to how to reduce your anxiety and
Do you meditate.
Okay, keep meditating.
Galaxy A50: I go to I listen to speeches. So I don't know if you know Barack Obama is my favorite person in the world.
Galaxy A50: That's why we're seeing that have I showed you this. This is his signature on my arm. Oh, wow. That's crazy. He invited us to the White House. We were his special guests. So I listened to his speeches and I find them to be extremely hypnotic okay
Shawn Phalen: So keep doing that. Keep doing some guided meditations, I am you know you were going to a gym, which is just trying to do some kind of move. Can you walk you guys can go out and walk right
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, uh huh. In fact, I've been because I'm considered low risk it. Do you know what next door's
Galaxy A50: NEXT DOOR. IT'S AN it's like Facebook for neighbors. Oh, yeah. So I been running errands for shut ins. So I'm keeping myself very busy. Okay, good. That's random. Oh, I started a business. Did I tell you that
Galaxy A50: You know, since I got fired.
Shawn Phalen: Now you were going to go out on your own. Did you do
Galaxy A50: Yes, yes.
Galaxy A50: Yes, but I mean, now I'm not allowed to. But look, that I told you about the machine that was quarantine than China right DC
Galaxy A50: Yeah yeah it arrived. Two days ago. Unfortunately, I have no idea how to use it and there's nobody to ask right now, but I'll figure it out.
Galaxy A50: So I've been having. I've been. I've been really focusing. Well, what, what is it up. It's called and it's called an aqua dome abrasion.
Galaxy A50: Yeah. So what it does is like
Galaxy A50: It. Have you heard of a microbiome abrasion. Yeah, okay. So it's the same thing, but with the water with the water piece.
Galaxy A50: Water comes out of here and there's to see like this and then I put the clean stuff in here. And then once it processes through your pores. It goes into here and then I dumped it out.
Galaxy A50: But I don't know how to do that yet. I can just explain
Galaxy A50: Okay, good. Yeah. And then, so one thing that I really also if you could please emphasize
Galaxy A50: Remember the very first time we met you and I and I told you that I was looking for a psychiatrist and psychologist in town. And you said if you find one. You cannot continue seeing me
Galaxy A50: Okay, so the judge instantly was like, well, why is she just doing it over the phone, as they call it.
Galaxy A50: Why not so I instantly whispered to Emily and Emily was like she was specifically advice she cannot and she really likes this lady. So she'd like to stick with it. So if you could also emphasize that it's not because I want to avoid it, but it's just because of the circumstance. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Um, yeah, that's fine, no problem. So let's let's set another appointment. Okay.
Galaxy A50: I'm wide open.
Shawn Phalen: Do eight o'clock on April 1
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, I was gonna say, I hope you have joking, April 1 get it. Uh huh 8pm yes
Galaxy A50: Okay, well, you take clients late. I know I do.
Shawn Phalen: Because I'm only working Monday and Wednesday night, so I'll have to get everybody in. So okay, so I'm going to put you in for then and just, you know, do your meditation. Listen to brock obama do some exercising some walk
Galaxy A50: In I am today.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: Just, just since what Wednesday, though. Okay.
Galaxy A50: That was another snag I was supposed to start at like lead January, but he was 1700 dollars. I had to get special permission from my insurance company.
Galaxy A50: Okay, I've been cocked blocked in every way that I possibly could. In this with this deal
Shawn Phalen: Well that's that's what happens sometimes. This is the kind of stuff that happens and
Galaxy A50: It doesn't always go smoothly. There's always enough foods. I wanted to tell you something. So I need a very good impression on the judge.
Galaxy A50: Which was on the 19th. I did not make a good impression on Liliana because my attorney wasn't was knocked me or me.
Galaxy A50: And she kind of she's a good attorney and then also my ex was saying really stupid stuff over the phone and I was just so sad that my like my
Galaxy A50: protests were not effective. It was more like I was defending myself, rather than just saying, No, that's not true.
Galaxy A50: Right, exactly. Like, for example, he said, every time she calls, they argue
Galaxy A50: Which is completely incorrect. Every time I call my son tells me something else stupid that his dad did
Galaxy A50: And I'm like, No, I don't care if Dad said we're not doing this homework UNTIL TOMORROW WE'RE DOING IT TONIGHT. Go get your shit together well I don't say it like that. But you know what I mean. So just because I'm stern because he so whatever about it.
Galaxy A50: I have to be Stern, but I'll just give you an example on Friday. This is when Idaho schools were still open.
Galaxy A50: My son says oh yeah I already did my homework. Mom, and this is Saturday. So on Friday. He did his homework from Monday that just break my kid is not that go getter.
Galaxy A50: So I was like the dead check it. He's like, Yeah, yeah, he went he made sure that I did it. That doesn't mean that he did it. Right, right. So I forced him to go get it. Yes, what, nine out of 10 wrong.
Galaxy A50: So we did the entire thing. My son was hating me by the end of Saturday and on Tuesday us. Oh, Mom, I was the only one who got 100% but I mean if I wasn't the bitch. Then he would get nine out of 10 wrong in math.
Shawn Phalen: Well, that's not being a bitch, that's showing him that he needs to go back and correct it and not the right
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but my ex is making it sound like mom's calling to start fights with Hayden. Well, no.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and you should expect that from like
Galaxy A50: I know but Liliana really believe that in then. So he threatened me. Right. And then I said I I did tell her this although I did say that I'm not afraid of him whatsoever.
Galaxy A50: But he's like well she provoked me and I kind of did because he insulted me and then I insulted him back. But I didn't want to do the whole world. He started thing.
Galaxy A50: So after he said, Well, it was because I was provoked because she brought up my ex wife or as he called her my runaway wife Oh my isn't not embarrassing.
Galaxy A50: But the thing is what I wanted to say was, I emailed him a condolence of thing before his grandfather's dying and he instantly insulted me. So then I
Galaxy A50: Went ahead and insulted him back. And that's when he was like, oh, you wouldn't walk out of here alive. So when he's like oh, I'd like to explain. She provoked me because she brought up my ICO runaway wife. He seriously said that to Liliana
Galaxy A50: And I didn't want to be like well he insulted me first. So unless she notices that in the email thread I sound like the like the provocation a bitch.
Galaxy A50: All right. So, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So we'll meet on the first
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Keep doing those things to keep yourself calm. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Okay, yeah. So all fine. Everything in case she contacts you ahead of time, but I'll be talking more to Emily and by the first I'll have a really good idea of what else
Galaxy A50: What I'm talking got
Galaxy A50: Scared me
Shawn Phalen: Okay. All right. All right, take care and we'll talk soon.
Galaxy A50: Thank you. Bye. All right.